Yulu PiStatement of PurposeUniversity of California, Davis, Agricultural and Resource Economics, Ph.DEver since I was young, my career goal has been to become a public servant, helping reduce poverty and inequality by promoting community development. To prepare myself, I have participated in economics projects as an intern with the Finance Bureau in my home province, with UNICEF Zimbabwe, and as a research assistant at ARE Department under Assistant Professor Ashish Shenoy. While doing research, I became passionate about discovering the factors that perpetuate poverty and social inequity and exploring methods to solve them. I enjoy coming up with original ways to test and improve existing economic theories and generating feasible models to explain economic phenomena.Diving into difficult issues while conducting research has been a treasure for my inquisitive mind, providing new skills and insights. As an example, during my research on Ҏonlinear Impact of Wages on Rural MigrantsՠResidential Choice,ӠI started from basic econometrics and then taught myself to adopt various econometrical analytical techniques, including quantile regression, Ordered Probit Model and IV Regression to reveal the asymmetric effect that wages might have on the rural migrantsՠresidential choice propensity.My fascination to study global poverty provides me with the strong motivation to succeed in UC Davis's program, while my extensive academic and research preparation will give me the necessary skills to succeed. I have obtained rigorous training in mathematics, economics, and econometrics, culminating in earning a 4.0 GPA for all major courses, including Differential Equations, Intermediate Macroeconomics, and Intermediate Microeconomics during my exchange study in Davis. I also mastered programming skills by learning Python, R, and STATA through online courses and several research projects. Having spent significant time in rural areas in China, Sri Lanka, Thailand, and Zimbabwe, I have further refined my interests to pursue a Ph.D. degree in Development Economics. I am highly motivated to analyze successful programs of poverty alleviation and to discuss their applicability to other regions. My hope is that the academic evaluation of poverty alleviation programs and relevant solutions will be taken into account and implemented in the policy-making process. I will also work so that the knowledge I acquire in the Economics Ph.D. program one day will be fully integrated with policy. The ultimate goal of my research is to discover the mechanisms underlying poverty perpetuation and pursue effective methods that alleviate worldwide economic disparities.Davis is the place where I found my true passion. It has a unique meaning for me. The recognition and support from the professors in UC Davis increased my desire to pursue a Ph.D. degree. In return, my goal is that the work I conduct during the Ph.D. program will contribute to the place I love. I would be honored to do research under the most outstanding development economists here in Davis. I would like to continue to work with Prof. Shenoy, and it's also great to have guidance from Prof. Lybbert and Prof. Taylor. I believe that the rigorous training and insightful guidance in economics and mathematics that I would receive from this distinguished faculty will prepare me for my life's calling. Furthermore, my outstanding academic background, inquisitive nature, passion for innovation, and strong commitment to success will enable me to make a significant contribution to the doctoral Economics program at UC Davis.